[3.7] docs(tabstrip): Refresh method (#1170)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/overview.md

| `Width`   | `string` | The width of the component. You can set the Width parameter to any of the [supported units]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |
| `Height`  | `string` | The height of the Component. You can set the `Height` parameter to any of the [supported units]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). |

## TabStrip Reference and Methods

The `TabStrip` methods are accessible through its reference.

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `Refresh` | Redraws the component. |

Reviewer: We can mention what is the benefit of this method. For example, the alternative is to call `StateHasChanged()` on the parent, which will achieve the same result, but will re-render more content, and not just the TabStrip.

>caption Get a reference to the TabStrip and use its methods.

````Index.razor
@* This code snippet showcases an example usage of the Refresh() method. *@

<TelerikTabStrip @ref="@TabRef">
    <CityPopulation TabRef="TabRef" />
</TelerikTabStrip>

@code {
    public TelerikTabStrip TabRef { get; set; }
}
````
````CityPopulation.razor

> @* This code snippet showcases an example usage of the Refresh() method. *@

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@* This code snippet demonstrates usage of the TabStrip Refresh() method. *@
```
